84.1
1) Do you have any money? Yes, a little
2) Do you have any envelopes? Yes, a few
3) Do you want sugar in your coffee? Yes, a little, please
4) Did you take any photos when you were on holiday? Yes, a few
5) Does your friend speak English? Yes, a little
6) Are there any good restaurants in this town? Yes, a few 

84.2
1) Mark speaks Italian well. He lived in Italy a few years 
2) Can i have a little milk in my coffee , please?
3) When did Amy go away? A few days ago 
4) Do you speak any foreign languages? I can speak a little Russian
5) Are you going out alone? No, i'm going with a few friends
6) Have you ever been to Mexico? Yes, a few times
7) There wasn't much furniture in the room - just a table and a few chairs
8) I'm going out for a walk. I need a little fresh air 

84.3
1) Your English is very good. YOu make very few mistakes
2) I drink very little coffee. I prefer tea 
3) The weather here is very dry in summer. There is very little rain 
4) It's difficult to find a place to stay in this town. There are very few hotels
5) Hurry up! We have very little time
6) The town is very quiet at night. Very few people go out 
7) Some people in the office are very lazy. They do very little work

84.4
1) There was little food in the fridge. It was nearly empty
2) When did Sarah go out? A few minutes ago 
3) I can't decide now. I need a little time to think about it 
4) There was little traffic, so we arrived earlier than we expected
5) The bus service isn't very good at night - there are few buses after 9 o'clock
6) Would you like some soup? Yes, a little, please 
7) I'd like to practise my English more, but i have little opportunity

84.5
1) We're going away for a few days next week 
2) Everybody needs a little luck
3) I can't talk to you now - I have a few things to do 
4) I eat very little meat - I don't like it very much - ok 
5) Excuse me, can i ask you a few questions?
6) There were few people in the bus - it was nearly empty
7) Mark is a vety private person. Few people know him well - ok