31.1
1) I'm very hungry. I must eat something
2) Marilyn is a very interesting person. You must meet her
3) My hands are very dirty. I must wash them
4) You must learn to drive. It will be very useful
5) I must go shopping. I need to buy some food
6) The game tomorrow is very important for us. We must win
7) You can't always have things immediately. You must be patient

31.2
1) I had to walk home last night. There was no buses
2) It's late. I must go now
3) I don't usually work on Saturday, but last Saturday I had to work
4) I must get up early tomorrow. I have a lot to do
5) I came here by train. The train was full and i had to stand all the way
6) I was nearly late for my appointment this morning. I had to run to get there on time
7) I forgot to phone David yesterday. I must phone him later today

31.3
1) I don't need to go home yet. I can stay a little longer
2) We have a lot of time. We don't need to rush
3) Keep the papers in a safe place. You mustn't lose them
4) I'm not ready yet, but you mustn't wait for me. You can go now and i'll come later
5) We don't need to forget to turn off the lights before we leave.
6) I must contact David, but i mustn't phone him - i can send him an email

31.4
1) We can leave the meeting early = We don't need to stay until the end = E
2) We must leave the meeting early =  We can't stay until the end = C
3) We mustn't leave the meeting early = We must stay until the end = A
4) We had to leave the meeting early = We couldn't stay until the end = B
5) We don't need to leave the meeting early = We can stay until the end = D

31.5
1) You don't need to go. You can stay here if you want
2) It's a fantastic film. You must see It
3) The restaurant won't be busy tonight. We don't need to reserve a table
4) I was very busy last week. I had to work every evening
5) I want to know what happened. You must tell me
6) I don't want Sue to know what happened. You mustn't tell her
7) I must go now or i'll be late for my appointment
8) Why were you so late? I had to wait half an hour for a bus
9) We don't need decide now. We can decide later
10) It's Lisa's birthday next week. I mustn't forget to buy her a present