80.1
1) Every student in the class passed the exam 
2) My job is very boring. Every day is the same 
3) Kate is a very good tennis player. When he play, she wins every student
4) Every room in the hotel has free internet access and a minibar
5) Did you understand what she said? Most of it, but not every word 

80.2
1) Yesterday it rained all day
2) I buy a newspaper every day, but sometimes i don't read it 
3) I'm not going out tomorrow. I'll be at home all day 
4) I usually drink about four cups of coffee every day 
5) Paula was ill yesterday, so she stayed in bed all day
6) I'm tired now because I've been working hard all day 
7) Last year we went to the seaside for a week, and it rained every day 

80.3
1) Bill watches TV for about two hours every morning
2) Julia gets up at 6.30 every morning
3) The weather was nice yesterday, so we sat outside all afternoon
4) I'm going away on Monday. I'll be away all week 
5) How often do you skiing?
   Every year. Usually in March 
6) Were you at home at 10 o'clock yesterday?
   Yes, i was at home all morning. I went out after lunch
7) My sister loves new cars. She buys one every year 
8) I saw Sam at the party, but he didn't speak to me all evening 
9) We go away on holiday for two or three weeks every summer 

80.4
1) Everybody needs friends
2) Chris knows everything about computers
3) I like the people here. Everybody is very friendly
4) This is a nice hotel. It's comfortable and everything is very clean 
5) Kevin never uses his car. He goes everywhere by motorcycle
6) Let's get something to eat. Everybody is hungry
7) Sue's house is full of books. There are books everywhere
8) You are right. everything you say is true 

80.5
1) Everybody has problems
2) Are you ready yet? Everybody is waiting for you 
3) The house is empty. Everyone has gone out 
4) Gary is very popular. Everybody knows him 
5) This town is completele different now. Everything has changed
6) I got home very late last night. I came in quietly because everyone was asleep
7) Everybody makes mistakes!
8) Is everything clear? Does Everybody know what to do?
   Yes, we all understand